h1. freed.li

Freed.li is a platform that deconstructs elements of online forums, tweets and wikis and recombines them as a tool to evaluate and filter information with the help of the crowd. It is based on the "freed manifesto":https://medium.com/@luniprise/the-freed-manifest-a347bd7f49b4

h2. Technical details

h3. Information Aggregation freed:
Freed stabilizes at 7 accepted contributors (before it is just an unevaluated stream)
User can select page language and which freed languages he will be 
Freed creator defines manifest (in future would be discussed)
Evaluators automatically selected: SquareRoot(1,5*[contributors-1])
Evaluation: Accept, decline, pass on to another evaluator

h3. Freeds have several stages:
Stage 0: waiting for 7 contributors
Stage 1: 7 unevaluated contributors
Stage 2 (stable): 7 accepted contributors 
Stage 3:

h3. Trust:
the last 20 interactions (post and evaluations) are taken into account
declined posts
wrong evaluation (2/3 majority)
the 1/3 too slow evaluation (keeps people on the edge)

Which trust the feed stages expect (so far only for posting, not evaluation, needs to be changed)
Stage 0 Everybody
Stage 1 66% 
Stage 2 76% 
Stage 3 83%
Stage 4 90%
Stage 5 96%

h2. Ruby on Rails

This application requires:

* Ruby version 2.0.0
* Rails version 4.0.2

Learn more about "Installing Rails":http://railsapps.github.io/installing-rails.html.

h2. Database

This application uses PostgreSQL with ActiveRecord.

h2. Contributing

If you make improvements to this application, please share with others.

* Fork the project on GitHub.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Commit with Git.
* Send the author a pull request.

If you add functionality to this application, create an alternative implementation, or build an application that is similar, please contact me and I'll add a note to the README so that others can find your work.


h2. License

Still looking for the best open source license. 
"The codebase can be used and modified freely, as long as the new code is also offered as open source."
